refactor!: allow subsets of dtypes and allow device-dependent dtype support (#1005)
data-apis/array-api: spec/draft/API_specification/data_types.rst

| complex128   | Double-precision (128-bit) complex floating-point number whose real and imaginary components must be IEEE 754 double-precision (64-bit) binary floating-point numbers (see IEEE 754-2019). |
+--------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> If a library only supports a subset of data types, it must support at least one data type

Author: ```suggestion
If a library only supports a subset of data types, it must at a minimum support ``bool`` and at least one integer dtype and one real floating-point dtype.
```

> from each :ref:`category <data-type-categories>`.

Reviewer: I don't think `complex` should be added here, rather `bool` and one integer and one real floating-point dtype must be supported.

Reviewer 2: That would be enough for scikit-learn at least.

Author: Updated to the suggestion.

> from each :ref:`category <data-type-categories>`.

Author: ```suggestion
```
